doc: update the doc to setup openstack with ACRN (#5560)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/setup_openstack_libvirt.rst

snapshots/restores so that you can quickly roll back your system in the
event of setup failure. (You should only install OpenStack directly on Ubuntu if
you have a dedicated testing machine.) This setup utilizes LXC/LXD on
Ubuntu 18.04.

Install ACRN
************

#. Install ACRN using Ubuntu 18.04 as its Service VM. Refer to
   :ref:`Build and Install ACRN on Ubuntu <build-and-install-acrn-on-ubuntu>`.

#. Make the acrn-kernel using the `kernel_config_uefi_sos
   <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/projectacrn/acrn-kernel/master/kernel_config_uefi_sos>`_
   configuration file (from the ``acrn-kernel`` repo).

#. Add the following kernel boot arg to give the Service VM  more memory
   and more loop devices. Refer to `Kernel Boot Parameters
   <https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/KernelBootParameters>`_ documentation::

>       hugepagesz=1G hugepages=10 max_loop=16

Reviewer: That does not work on my system, the parameters added to `GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT` in `/etc/default/grub` are not taken into account. I believe one _could_ add those via the Grub command-line interface (never tried) but this would not be permanent.

I believe the right way for ACRN would actually be to change the `bootargs` parameter in the board/scenario configuration files.
From https://projectacrn.github.io/latest/introduction/index.html#boot-sequence: *In this boot mode, the boot options of pre-launched VM and service VM are defined in the variable of bootargs of struct vm_configs[vm id].os_config in the source code misc/vm_configs/$(SCENARIO)/vm_configurations.c by default. Their boot options can be overridden by the GRUB menu*

Having said that, ACRN also already integrates some logic to automatically reserve hugepages - see https://github.com/projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor/blob/802065cf2fcde4e623a07e8f0a46cb8f7a5eec6f/hypervisor/common/vm_load.c#L147-L160. Do we really need to override that logic?

If not, we're left with the `max_loop` parameter that we need to add somewhere.

Author: @gvancuts the default hugepagesz is 12 because NUM_REMAIN_1G_PAGES=3 in acrn-hypervisor/hypervisor/common/vm_load.c. This causes there is not enough memory to setup openstack in SOS when I try to setup openstack with ACRN 2.3(OOM issue). So we need to decrease the size of hugepagesz. 
updating GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT in /etc/default/grub would not be taken into account.
There are 2 ways to decrease the size of hugepagesz: 
1) set NUM_REMAIN_1G_PAGES>3 in acrn-hypervisor/hypervisor/common/vm_load.c, where we need an offline patch to achieve this.
2) we can overwrite the size of hugepagesz from setting grub config in /etc/grub.d/40_custom like this:
`menuentry "ACRN Multiboot Ubuntu Service VM" --id ubuntu-service-vm {
  recordfail
  load_video
  insmod gzio
  insmod part_gpt
  insmod ext2

  echo 'loading ACRN...'
  multiboot2 /boot/acrn/acrn.bin
  module2 /boot/bzImage Linux_bzImage root=/dev/sda3 console=ttyS0 idle=halt rw rootwait console=tty0 consoleblank=0 no_timer_check quiet loglevel=3 i915.nuclear_pageflip=1 hvlog=2M@0xe00000 memmap=0x200000\$0xe00000 maxcpus=4 **max_loop=16 hugepagesz=1G hugepages=10**
}
`
then update-grub which I have validated that it will take effect to increase the available memory for SOS.
ref steps: https://projectacrn.github.io/latest/getting-started/rt_industry_ubuntu.html#update-grub-for-the-ubuntu-service-vm

I choose the second way in the doc and put the args "hugepagesz=1G hugepages=10 max_loop=16" into module2 part of grub config which is the minimal change for the setup guide.

Reviewer: Can you explain these steps in this document? The link to the Ubuntu article does not talk about these.

   <https://maslosoft.com/kb/how-to-clean-old-snaps/>`_ to clean up old
   snap revisions if you're running out of loop devices.
#. Make sure the networking bridge ``acrn-br0`` is created. If not,
   create it using the instructions in
   :ref:`Build and Install ACRN on Ubuntu <build-and-install-acrn-on-ubuntu>`.

Set up and launch LXC/LXD
*************************

1. Set up the LXC/LXD Linux container engine using these `instructions
   <https://ubuntu.com/tutorials/tutorial-setting-up-lxd-1604>`_ provided

>    by Ubuntu.

Reviewer: I have followed similar instructions (on Ubuntu 20.04). A couple of things to note:
* I also had to install `lxc-utils` (for the `lxc-checkconfig` utility)
* That tool reports we have some kernel config missing (see below), **but** I believe this is because we use a recent kernel that change this config name to `CONFIG_IP_NF_NAT`. I'm nto done with my testing yet but if true, this is an error the user can actually ignore.

```
CONFIG_NF_NAT_IPV4: missing
CONFIG_NF_NAT_IPV6: missing
```

Author: - let me add lxc-utils (for the lxc-checkconfig utility) in the doc. 

- the second error could be ignored from @peterfang 's comments.

     backend).
   - Answer ``dir`` (and not ``zfs``) when prompted for the name of the storage backend to use.
   - Set up ``lxdbr0`` as instructed.
   - Before launching a container, install lxc-utils by ``apt-get install lxc-utils``,
     make sure ``lxc-checkconfig | grep missing`` does not show any missing kernel features

>      except CONFIG_NF_NAT_IPV4/CONFIG_NF_NAT_IPV6 which are changed from the kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     except ``CONFIG_NF_NAT_IPV4`` and ``CONFIG_NF_NAT_IPV6`` which have been renamed in very recent kernels.
```

Reviewer 2: I made this change and merged this version.  We'll explain the hugepages settings after the v2.3 release.
